[Workers] Wrangler update (#12537)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/install-and-update.md

{{<render file="_install_wrangler.md" >}}

Since Cloudflare recommends installing Wrangler locally in your project (rather than globally), the way to run Wrangler will depend on your specific setup and package manager. Refer to [How to run Wrangler commands](/workers/wrangler/commands/#how-to-run-wrangler-commands) for more information.

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> If Wrangler is not installed, running `npx wrangler` will install the latest version of Wrangler in the current local folder.

Author: ```suggestion
If Wrangler is not installed, running `npx wrangler` will use the latest version of Wrangler.
```
